where your maps are
teach the pacific the day before
10,000 years the mighty murat
and she calls with a flourishing culture
all countries of the world were then
colonies of our mighty land ours
Land sank in one night as a result
a curse in the waves of the pacific
but our ancestors lived on the
ground of the sea continues one
Sophisticated race created in the
deep new living conditions
while she's triumphant
our people are facing us
not in the way of a big accident
the whole humanity on command of man
because our divine owner is meeting
if you have the rebirth of ours
make a book on earth if only the
half of one knows and he chooses one
terrible disaster
the machines will come off
the uno has the facility of one
United on a possible attack
of the area to be able to meet
I admit that we do not like the situation
have grown more we should hear it
still good in 2010
we dive again he had i do
to dive
Do not you know that you 2000 ours
Last hope is the whole world will be
threatened before the must and you'll find yourself
to come to her help
I already told you good 2000
was built for our country
I just have to go far back now
will accompany me on the crater of me
hair has now appeared people
the radio has come right on the
recall
2008 of the gray
you as calmly as humanity
goes under
you are worse than us
marco I love you
not i hate you i hate you
a movie of tomorrow still utopia in
maybe in the near future
reality